Hello! 😊 I'm currently a Pre-Doctoral Fellow in Economics at UC San Diego and the J-PAL [Payments & Governance Research Program](https://sites.google.com/ucsd.edu/pgrp/home), where I provide research assistance to randomized controlled trials examining the direct and general equilibrium effects of reforms to Indian social programs such as Integrated Child Development Services and the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. I spend my days working with data, designing tables and graphs, running Monte Carlo simulations, and surveying literature for a range of fledgling, ongoing, and completed experiments in Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, and Odisha.

Outside (and inside) my day job, I'm an (aspiring) applied microeconomist, with most of my research and reading sitting at the cross-sections of health, development, and welfare analysis and measurement. Lately, I've also enjoyed thinking and ranting about cities and transit, the history and philosophy of social science, effective altruism, and critical development studies. My interests change often; we'll see how long those stick.

Prior to joining UCSD/J-PAL, I spent three years at the London School of Economics (LSE), where I graduated with a BSc in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics. At the LSE, I worked on projects examining prosociality of Chinese Communist members, the effects of the ACA Medicaid expansions, the impact of COVID on the production of national statistics, and the implications of cryptocurrency for European macroprudential policy. I don't engage much, but am happy to get in touch via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wilsonkinglse/), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/WilsonMKing), or [Email](mailto:wikingsdomaine@gmail.com) for folks interested in any of the above.
